chore(code): make `GetValidatorSet` reply optional (#990)
informalsystems/malachite: BREAKING_CHANGES.md

## Unreleased

### `malachitebft-engine`

> - Changed the reply channel of `GetValidatorSet` message to `RpcReplyPort<Option<Ctx::ValidatorSet>>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the reply channel of `GetValidatorSet` message to take an `Option<Ctx::ValidatorSet>` instead of `Option<Ctx::ValidatorSet>`.
```
